updated changelog (#22)
cpisciotta/xcbeautify: CHANGELOG.md

> - Fixed the following regexes for Linux Swift CLI: compile, failingTest, linking, testCasePassed, testCaseStarted, testCaseMeasured, testsRunCompletion, testSuiteStarted (#21) @cyberbeni

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed log parsing for certain outputs for SwiftPM CLI on Linux (#21) @cyberbeni
```

> - `swift-tools-version:4.0` meant Xcode and Swift CLI built the project in Swift 4.0 mode, bumped it to 5.0, so raw strings can be used for regexes. (This also means Swift 4 is no longer supported) (#21) @cyberbeni

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped Swift tools version to 5.0 (#21) @cyberbeni
```
